[AUDIO LOGO]
>> I'm radio and television
host Jimmy Church.
And I am here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is Daniel
Sheehan, a Harvard Law School
constitutional
litigation attorney,
at the heart of the
pivotal legal cases
and social movements
of our generation,
including disclosure.
>> He stated flat out that the
government was in possession
of an intact nonhuman
origin spacecraft,
and that there was biological
evidence of nonhuman
intelligence.
>> As always, MUFON
field investigator Josh--
>> Josh, can you
pull up the map?
>> Yeah.
>> --joins us to
help set the scene.
Join us as we dive deep to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>> This is an absolutely
transhistorical event
that's taking place here.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to "Into the Vortex."
I'm your host, Jimmy Church.
And my guest today
is Daniel Sheehan.
He's a civil rights
attorney that
is hot on the pursuit of social
justice and transparency,
certainly with disclosure
and the ET question.
Now, the action that we've
had over the last five years
has been tremendous.
But the question that
I have is transparency
and where are we
today with disclosure
and how are we moving forward.
So, Josh, do you
feel transparency?
Do you feel honesty from the
media and other organizations?
>> I think it's getting better.
It's getting better, definitely.
But, overall, we have
a lot of work to do.
>> Daniel, five years, six
years of pretty rapid stuff,
but I don't think anything
compares to what has happened
over the last couple of months,
where we thought that December
of 2017 and the days of
disclosure that were there,
it was about as good
as it was going to get.
And it was pretty big.
Over the last couple
of months, we've
had a hearing in Congress.
We've had a presentation
in front of the Congress
in Mexico.
We've had the recent NASA
committee put together
for UAPs.
But all of this has been in
the interest of transparency
with the public.
Is it truly transparent?
>> It's getting toward it
right now that, as I mentioned,
there's legislation now that is
being drafted in Congress right
now to increase
the transparency.
The primary motive
of the Congress
at this particular moment is to
extract all of the UFO and ET
or what they call nonhuman
intelligence information out
of the executive branch and
the military contracting
corporations and get it
transferred to Congress to put
into the Senate and House
intelligence committees
so that they can get
it and evaluate it.
And there's a presumption
in a new statute
they're going to pass
in December to get
the vast bulk of that out to
the public within 180 days.
Then there's going to be some
that are going to be kept--
they say postponed.
But they have to have a strict
schedule pursuant to which
all of that information is
going to be disclosed as well.
And, ultimately,
only the president
will be able to make a
decision to retain or continue
to postpone a given
piece of information.
But the whole presumption
of the new statute
is going to be to
expose it to the world.
>> We just had the
hearing in Congress.
Pull that up, Josh.
Pull up Tim Burchett
and de Luna.
Now, here, we have one of the
most extraordinary moments
in the history of disclosure
and certainly for Congress
to put something
like this together.
And it was pretty aggressive,
and I think that we need that.
But then we had David Grusch.
And his testimony and the
statements that he said
were dramatic.
Nonhuman biologics were
suddenly part of the vernacular.
And this is part of the
conversation and recovery
of craft and--
>> Intact extraterrestrial.
>> Intact craft,
addresses, and everything.
These were big revelations.
But the questions coming
back from Congress
seemed to be on point.
But what about the
transparency on this?
They seem to be
taken by surprise.
>> Well, the fact is that
virtually all the people that
were there, it was
a subcommittee.
It was the national security
subcommittee of the House
Oversight Committee.
I was there and talking
with the staff people
when we were doing it.
And they had not expected
David Grusch to tell them
what he did in the open.
He told them flat out that
based upon his role in being
an official in a position
overseeing and investigating
the UFO issue or the UAP issue,
he stated flat out that we were
in possession,
the government was
in possession of an intact
nonhuman origin spacecraft.
That's how he characterized
it, and that there
was biological evidence of
nonhuman intelligence connected
to that craft.
Now, one would have thought
that that was going to end up
on the front page of the "New
York Times" the next day,
but it didn't.
But the fact is millions
of people saw it.
That went out all
across the country.
And it was rebroadcast
and rebroadcast.
And I was talking with Dave just
before he gave the testimony
and then just after.
I've been talking to his lawyer.
And I was talking to the members
of the Oversight Committee.
So it was clear that they
want to get that information,
even that he wasn't able
to give them the details.
They said, for example--
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez,
she said, where do we
go to find this craft?
And he said, I can't tell
you that in open session.
But he agreed he
would give it to them.
So I met with the staff.
I met with AOC and with Jamie
Raskin right after the hearing
and said, we can get you
hooked up with David Grusch
to get to the
first-person witnesses.
He was the second-party
witness saying
he's talked to them who
have said they've been there
with the craft so
that they need to get
the names of the
people that have been
there, put their hand on it.
>> Let me jump in because
that's a very important point.
This is a world issue.
This isn't just an
American issue, for sure.
But when you say
these things in public
that you have the
addresses and you're
going to provide the
locations of this,
and you're going to go ahead
and do this to the committee,
doesn't that tip the hat to the
corporations and anybody that
is working in a
special access program
to move and suddenly have
a shell game, where you can
take the craft and move
it to another location
or to another country?
And then we lose
that transparency.
And anything that would
be presented is nullified.
Isn't that a concern?
>> Well, one of the things that
you'll know during my career
in all of this, having been
involved in the Watergate
burglary and the Pentagon
Papers, et cetera,
the effort to conceal and lie
and manipulate after the public
knows about a thing gets the
people in more trouble than
the issue itself.
The cover-up is worse
than the event sometimes.
And so if they start
doing that kind of thing
and get caught
doing it, it's going
to be like hiding the papers
after the Congress has
subpoenaed them.
So there's a parallel
track and understanding
what it is they have.
And if they try to conceal
it or lie about it, what
is going to be done about that?
And so the new statute
that is being drafted
has got subpoena power so
that the Congress can actually
subpoena the actual persons
and take depositions from them
and say, did you have it at
the time we notified you?
Did you move it anywhere?
If you did, where did
you move it, et cetera?
So there's an inquisitional
process that is now starting.
And Congress is going to
extract this information
from the executive branch and
from the private corporations,
these military contractors,
and that they not only have
subpoena power, but
they have the power
to hold them in contempt.
And what they've done
very extraordinarily
in the new statute that
is going to be passed,
they have actually
exercised eminent domain
on behalf of the United
States government
to control and seize
and take custody
of all of this material,
including the craft.
>> Now, I have a copy
of the new provision.
Josh, you've got a copy
of it there, too, as well.
This is a really big deal.
>> It is a government mandate
that all of these agencies turn
over all the material
they have, every email,
every internal memo, every phone
call, every audiotape or film.
Everything has to be turned
over to this new committee.
And the president is going
to appoint nine people
to survey all of
this information
and release it to the public.
That's what their job is.
And it's over a seven-year
period under the statute.
>> Now, it is literally
titled Unidentified Anomalous
Phenomena Disclosure.
What does that actually mean?
And are we talking about
actual transparency?
>> Well, there is one
provision in the statute--
this is a 25-page statute
that is going to go
into the National Defense
Authorization Act.
And there's one
provision that allows
the agency that possesses the
information to apply for--
to this nine-person
committee, apply
for the authority to postpone
the public disclosure of this.
Otherwise, it's going to get
disclosed within 180 days
from the receipt
of the information
so that there's this heavily
operational presumption here
on behalf of disclosure
to the public.
And it's the statute.
And they have subpoena
power, and they
have investigative power.
This committee is
going to have--
it's a nine-person
committee that
is mandated by the statute.
>> Who's going to
assemble the committee?
>> The president
nominates nine people.
And then it goes
to the Congress,
and it goes to the Senate
Intelligence committee.
And it goes to the Senate
Homeland Security committee.
And then if they approve
of the particular nominee,
it goes to the full Senate.
This is like Supreme
Court justices.
>> Right.
OK, so who assembles the
proposed list of nominees?
>> There are eight of us.
There are eight entities
that are designated
in the statute, one of
which is the Majority
Leader of the Senate and the
Minority Leader of the Senate,
the Majority Leader
of the House,
the Speaker of the
House, and the Minority
Leader, the
Secretary of Defense,
and our group, which is called
the UAP Disclosure Foundation,
is how it's referred
to in the statute.
It's actually the New Paradigm
Institute that is a 501(c)(3)
public interest organization
working with such groups as The
Sol Foundation, which Garry
Nolan is putting up over
at Stanford.
We're going to be surveying
the 501(c)(3) public interest
organizations to find out
who they might recommend.
So we're going to recommend
a list of 18 people, two
persons for each of the nine
slots, a primary and a backup.
That's what we're
going to be doing.
>> Will there be an opportunity
for civilians and members
of our community to
be involved in this?
Because if transparency
is the issue,
we can't have a full staff
of military and Intelligence
Agency spooks on this
because transparency is not
part of their game.
How can we get that
into this committee?
>> It's going to be
extraordinarily important that
the people that are on
the committee are trusted
by the president because he's
ultimately going to be the one
that selects out of them all.
We could recommend having
the Pope on it or something.
But it's up to the president
because the president
nominates, and then
the Senate will ratify.
It's with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
This is just like appointing
Supreme Court justices.
There's going to be this
tribunal of nine people.
This is an absolutely
transhistorical event
that's taking place here.
>> The interest that the
world has shown about contact
extraterrestrial intelligence
visitations to this world,
it has now become
a conversation.
It's now part of pop culture.
The movement is started.
It's right in front of us.
The world has an extreme
interest in this.
But not only is
transparency important,
but when we put this
committee together,
is it about future
investigations?
Or is it about craft that
are in our possession,
reverse engineering technology
and what we know now?
What's the purpose
of the committee?
The world wants to know
if we have made contact,
if we are currently
communicating with ET.
Are they visiting this planet?
Do we have warehouses
full of flying saucers?
This is what the
world wants to know.
>> That's right.
And that's exactly
what this focus is on.
And they have to report--
this committee has to report
to Congress every 90 days
if anything new is discovered.
So it's not only looking
at the past information,
but it's looking at all
the information that's
going to take place over
the next seven years.
There's a seven-year time period
for this particular panel,
this board.
It's called the UAP
Records Review Board.
It's based on the Kennedy
assassination documents review
committee that was put together.
So that's what this is.
So they're going to
be looking at past--
under the statute,
everything that we
came to know 25
years ago or earlier
has to be released within
the first 180 days.
>> Now, when David Grusch
and Fravor and Ryan Graves,
when they got up, swore under
oath, and had that moment--
and it was historical to have
this subject in the house being
discussed-- as important as
that was, right after that,
it appears the statements
that have been made is there
aren't going to be
any more UFO hearings.
We're done.
It seemed like there
was too much too soon,
and we got ahead of our skis.
And I think it caught
people by surprise.
But that stops transparency.
Aren't we supposed
to have hearings?
Were you surprised about that?
We're not going to
have any more hearings.
>> I thought the genie
was out of the bottle,
and we were heading
straight towards that path.
And it seems like we have
a little bit of a hiccup
right now, which
I'm nervous about.
>> So how do we continue
with transparency?
And how do we move
forward with more hearings
when it seems like
somebody behind the scenes
flipped the switch
from up to down?
>> Well, I just came back in
yesterday from Washington.
I was in Washington for 10 days.
And I was meeting with people
from the Senate Intelligence
committee staff,
meeting with people
over at the House
Oversight Committee
here to have this
exact discussion.
They're now all
focusing on getting
this panel put together.
I mean, it's a major
thing that they're
deciding to delegate to
this particular panel
the authority to
start extracting
all of this information so
they can get a look at it.
And intelligence
committees are going
to have to assign
a special staff.
They all have to have
security clearances in order
to look at this stuff.
But beneath all of that,
there is a huge building
political advantage to
people in the Congress
to get this information
released to the people,
all the way up until they
hit a certain spot, which
is the executive branch
people are taking
a position that there
are certain things that
can't be disclosed.
And so what I say when I'm in
meetings with those people is
I say, like what?
>> Yeah, what
can't be disclosed?
Is it going to be the
national security issue,
that label that is put on
anything that they don't want
revealed?
>> That's very
vague and overbroad.
So what I'm planning to do is to
apply constitutional standards
that support our
democracy to say that,
look, that we have to
presume that the people have
to participate in these
fundamental decisions.
There's no more
fundamental decision
that we're going to be
making in the next 10 years
than how we're going to set
up the protocols for dealing
with potential extraterrestrial
or potentially extradimensional
civilization, a whole
nonhuman species that
has this kind of technology
that is capable of doing this.
And so the people have
to be involved in this.
And so the process of
bringing in this panel
to filter the information, to
get it out as much as they can
to the public, that's
their charge is to do that.
But we all know,
from having dealt
with the bureaucracies in
Washington, they read it as to,
how can they get
away with revealing
as little as possible?
And so the reason that the
New Paradigm Institute has
been set up is to monitor
that, to watchdog that process
to say, OK, what's the
latest information that's
being withheld?
And there's a whole
process in here
of them having to
give a summary of what
it is they're concealing,
which is interesting.
How do you reveal
what the nature
of what you're concealing
is without revealing it?
So in our office, we're
setting up the office.
We've got it now,
right on Capitol Hill.
We've been given an
office that is actually
in the federal enclave.
It's right in between
the United States Supreme
Court and the Russell
Senate Building.
So we're in the enclave,
our office, the New Paradigm
Institute.
And we've got the
conference centers
for bringing the people
together to have the discussion.
It's going to be the citizen
center for extracting
this information.
And we're going to know
all the people that
are on the committee.
We're going to know
who all their staff is.
So we're setting it up to try
to-- and we want to do this
in cooperation with other
501(c)(3) organizations,
such as The Sol Foundation
that Garry Nolan is doing over
at Stanford and others.
And what we want to do is
stop any of the organizations
from trying to compete
with each other.
>> Let's back up for a second.
And I'm not being cavalier.
When David Grusch said, we
couldn't get access to a SCIF,
I have addresses, I have names,
I can provide you everything
that you need, but we need to do
that in a special environment,
and that those SCIFs
were not provided
to the members of the committee
to have this done, shouldn't
that be the moment where the
UFO attorney comes in and says,
wait a minute, this
is about transparency
and about disclosure.
This has to happen.
>> Well, I'll tell you
what the attorney did.
And that was saying,
you don't need a SCIF.
I'll sit right down with you.
If you want to have Grusch's
private cell phone number
and you want to meet with him
in a confidential setting,
you've got the
security clearances
and ask him what
the information is.
You don't have to bring
everybody together
in a big formal meeting
in a SCIF somewhere.
So what my job is, in
part, is to figure out
what is the actual process
that can be followed here
that will get the
information, first,
into the hands of the
right people in Congress
and then get them to
help make the decision
to get it out to the people.
That's the process that's
going on right now.
>> Do we know if that
information has been
transferred?
The list of corporations,
the locations of these craft,
and the biologics
and all of that,
has that information been
handed over to Congress?
>> Interesting question, Jimmy.
I don't know yet.
I know that the
contact information
has been provided to them.
And I know that they know
they don't need a SCIF.
They don't need to go through
some bureaucratic effort
of getting somebody
else to authorize
them to get this information.
They can get it in that--
So I'm going back
in to Washington
after we get done here and
meet with them to find out
that-- now, they may take the
position that since I don't
have a security clearance.
And I won't accept a
security clearance.
I mean, it's been offered
a number of times.
But I will not do that, because
I am the people's advocate.
And so my job is to get the
information to the people.
We want everybody to be
confident that there's
someone in Washington
making sure
that the maximum possible
amount of information
is going to be made public.
And that's the New
Paradigm Institute.
>> Well, to be clear, we're
talking about extraterrestrial
intelligence.
>> Or extraterrestrial
dimension.
>> We're talking
about ET contact.
We're talking about flying
saucers and all of this.
>> It's in here.
>> And to be transparent,
well, let's talk about that
specifically because I think
this is very, very important.
When we have members,
elected officials
trying to have access
to an Air Force base
and are denied access,
representatives that
have those clearances
and have the right
to represent the people
and to ask and see
images and video and the
evidence of these reported
sightings, and we're
denied that access.
We're talking about the people.
Now, will the
provisions in the NDAA
allow our elected officials
and civilians access
to all of this
information and not
be denied at the gates
of an Air Force base?
>> Well, the answer is no
because the fact is that
isn't the proper
process to do this.
This is the responsible
way to do this.
And as the people's
advocate, I'm
looking at this
saying that this is
a bill that I could have
written on behalf of the people.
That's how good this bill is.
>> If this gets included and
this becomes legislation,
this becomes law, and this
is in the NDAA for next year,
then we're not going to hear
about a senator being denied
access, and that we will
continue to have transparency.
>> This is the process for
generating transparency.
It's clearly going to be an
existential process of getting
more and more and more
transparency with resistance
from what they call
the legacy group.
It's identified in here.
The legacy group are
the group of people
that have been retaining
this information in lying
to Congress and lying
to presidents, in fact,
in lying to members of the
House and Senate, both.
They say, well, we don't know
what you're talking about.
We don't have any program going.
They've just been
lying blatantly.
And the Congress, basically,
is fed up with that now.
>> How long does this last?
I mean, is there a
time limit to this?
Is this a year?
Or this is--
>> Seven years, seven years.
>> Seven years.
>> It's a seven-year
sunset clause on this.
So from those who are familiar
with how Washington works,
you know that the
other side is going
to be dragging their heels
as much as they possibly can.
And they're going to try to
put off the revelation of what
would be the family jewels
all the way to the end
of the seven-year period.
Our job as the New
Paradigm Institute
and the people's advocate
is to get that done faster
to get as much information
out as possible
as soon as possible.
That's our dynamic
that's going on.
And I don't want it to
be a strict dialectic
of the good guy citizens versus
the bad guy government people.
I want people inside the
government structures
on our side.
And that's what we have here.
At this point in time, we
have both political parties,
the leaders of both political
parties, both houses
of Congress, and
certain important people
inside the executive
branch itself
and inside the actual
UAP investigatory
community inside the military
and intelligence agencies
all on our side.
And so what I want to do
is to have our side be
as expansive as possible,
reduced to the absolute minimum
who the other side is.
And then we have to make a
decision as to whether they're
going to get amnesty.
>> How do we ensure further
testimony and hearings in both
the House and the Senate?
>> By having the
citizens demand it.
That's the key.
In addition to this inside
baseball operation that's
going on, there has to
be the outside game,
that we need to have
citizen pressure put
on all the elected
representatives
to accelerate the rate at
which this information is
being made public.
And this mechanism
exists by means
of which that pressure can
be exerted, because you
know where to direct it.
You know who the committees are.
You know who the members are.
You know how to focus that.
And we have basically
a law office set up
on Capitol Hill right now to
watchdog this entire process
and to serve as the
people's advocate
to get the maximum amount
of this information made
public as soon as possible.
>> Well, who's the watchdog?
Because if we have a
whistleblower come forward
under protection and under
oath and gives an address,
a warehouse where
there is a craft that
is being reverse engineered that
is not made on this planet--
clearly, we're talking about an
extraterrestrial intelligence,
a craft here.
I want to be very clear--
who's the watchdog?
Shouldn't there be
somebody put together,
a team going to this
location, and we
have a watchdog observing
what is actually going on?
Because that has to
be the next step.
>> It's in the
statute, specifically.
It states that the
members of this board,
this nine-person board of
review have the authority
to go to the sites
and physically inspect
the materials and to
take them into custody
for the government.
And they have the right to
generate subpoena power,
to get the attorney
general to issue subpoenas.
They have a right to
go to court and order
them to produce this stuff.
Now, what people
say, of course, well,
that could take
forever if they start
dragging you through the courts
and the whole nine yards.
Well, the fact of the
matter is that they
are authorized to go
directly to the site
itself and demand to have
access to that information.
And they can be held
in contempt of Congress
for refusing to do it.
And that's where
you're going to start
see the bite on this thing
the first that happens.
>> Now, what if we have--
this is my biggest fear.
And, Josh, you can laugh.
This is my biggest fear is that
we have that Al Capone's vault
moment where we show up.
We're live streaming.
Everybody is there.
We've got the news, and we
swing open the hangar doors,
and they're empty.
What do we do with that?
And is that breaking
the law if they
have moved a craft off site?
>> Well, it will be punishable
as contempt of Congress.
And then you would
move to have them
indicted by the attorney general
for contempt of Congress.
>> Is that like witness
tampering almost?
>> Well, it's
destruction of evidence.
>> Destruction of evidence.
>> Yeah, and it's obstructing
justice, you know.
And so it's peculiar here
in this particular case.
It's a little esoteric.
But since there's no criminal
charges at issue here
and there's no at least civil
litigation going right now,
the way in which they
would be held in contempt
would be held in
contempt of Congress, who
are demanding this information.
And so that's what
they'll do is they'll
go through issuing subpoenas.
If they don't
voluntarily cough it up,
there's this particular
time period in which
they have to give it over.
They have 300 days from
the passage of this statute
on December 22 of 2023.
They have 300 days,
basically, almost one year,
to gather this all together and
give it over to this committee.
And the committee
then has 180 days
within which to release
it all to the public.
And the agency that
produces the information
has the right to petition
to have it exempted.
And they have this
very burdensome--
it has to be clear and
convincing evidence
that any revelation of
that particular information
is going to cause
substantial damage
to the national security.
And they have to be
specific about that.
You can't just say, oh,
it's going to damage
the national security.
That's what they said in
the Pentagon Papers case.
Well, you can't publish
anything in these papers,
because it's going
to irrevocably damage
the national security
of the United States.
So when I was in chambers for
the "New York Times," I said,
like what?
He said, oh, we can't tell
you, because you don't
have the proper clearances.
And then the judge said,
Murray Gurfein said, well,
what about me?
You can tell me what it is.
And he said, no, you don't
have the clearances, either.
That's that old line.
We're the only ones
that are in charge.
We know best for everybody.
That's what's got
to get stopped.
And that's the statute
that is here to stop it.
And our job as the New Paradigm
Institute is to enforce it,
is to make sure that the
citizens are constantly
notified about what's going on,
brought up to date every week.
What we're going to do is have
probably weekly shows telling
what happened this week.
>> I think this is
where we are right now.
When you look at
this legislation
and you look what's going
into the NDAA, is the Senate--
are they fully
clear that this is
an extraterrestrial
alien contact, UFO issue?
Or is it hidden under--
are the discussions that they're
having are UAP and adversarial
Chinese and Russian
secret weapons,
that this is an off
world conversation?
>> This is an off
world conversation.
They know it.
And all the other stuff
is explicitly excluded,
saying we're not talking
about anything that has
been produced by human beings.
We're not talking
about anything that's
been produced by Russia or
China or any other country
or even us.
We're talking about
the other stuff.
And that's what the
subject is here.
And that's the information
they have to turn over.
What about that stuff?
And they talk right about--
they include it in definitions.
>> Pull up the
definition session.
I've got to see this.
>> Page four, they say it
includes everything from flying
saucers.
It says UFOs, flying saucers,
extraterrestrial life,
all forms of nonhuman
intelligence,
submerged objects.
All of them are here.
>> Doesn't seem real.
It's surreal.
It's so surreal.
>> It's crazy.
>> Amazing.
>> So these nine appointees,
so they get appointed.
How do we guarantee that
they don't get compromised?
>> Well, they're going to be
like any Supreme Court justice
or like any other Senator or
anything that if, in fact,
they were approached and someone
tries to compromise them,
they're going to be
duty-bound to report that.
And it'll be a
contempt of Congress
because this is a
government agency.
They're actually creating
a government agency.
And so they say
they're to be treated
as a government
agency for purposes
of subpoena power, et cetera.
And so that would be an attempt
to interfere in a government
process, obstruct a
government process.
That's what this is.
This process of
disclosure is underway.
And if you try to
interfere with it,
you can be criminally charged.
>> So what do we do when we
have whistleblowers that testify
special access programs and
corporations and reverse
engineering and
alien technology?
The question comes
up about patents.
And who actually
owns this technology?
Is this going to be addressed?
>> It's already addressed.
This statute asserts
eminent domain
over all of the materials
and all the technology
so that it comes into the
possession of the United States
government.
I've already raised it in
a number of discussions
to not allow anybody who has
access to this information
to try to seek a private right
of intellectual property to it.
It's not like at
the universities
where they can get a
patent or something.
We've taken a position
they can't do that.
And that's why it's a
public interest operation
that we have at the
New Paradigm Institute
to keep anything like
that from happening.
And that's why they
put into this statute
that they're
commandeering and taking
government possession of
all of the information.
>> Josh, do you think that
Congress is doing the right
thing?
>> I hope so.
I know we've been
burned in the past
before by other committees.
I'm hoping this
is the real deal.
Like, how historic
is this moment?
Is this as big as I think it is?
>> Yes, this is bigger
than you think it is.
This is vastly bigger than
the Church Committee that
was put together
and held hearings
all summer long into
the violations of law
by the CIA in their
assassination programs
and everything.
And it's of the scale of
the Watergate burglary
and probably more than
that, because this actually
impacts our future for
the next thousand years.
We are putting together--
they're charged in this statute
with putting together a
controlled disclosure campaign
and giving it to the president.
>>But, Danny, if the
decision about UFO, UAP,
ET disclosure ultimately
rest with the president,
how can we be assured
that it's going
to be honest, transparent,
bipartisan, and even further
nonpartisan?
>> What I can say is that in my
many months of being involved
in this process of this statute
is that I know what the basic
issue is going to be is.
Is there anything--
is there anything
that any of us that are
in the long-standing UFO
community are going
to agree should not
be shared with the people?
And I have a hard time thinking
that there is any such thing.
>> That's right.
But on the other hand, I
haven't been told what it is.
And I don't go into
hypothesizing to them
what I might find
acceptable, because I
don't want to do that.
I want them to tell
me what they think
needs to be kept secret because
if I don't agree with it
and I think most
of our community
doesn't agree with it, we're
going to continue to demand it,
and that they're going to have
to earn the trust of the people
if they're going to try to
retain anything from us,
which they do not have
at the present time.
The government of
the United States
does not have the
confidence of the majority
of people at the present time.
>> It's a brand new day when
the UFO vote comes into play.
>> Yes, I think it's going to
be huge in the next election,
honestly.
>> It's coming into play.
Danny, thank you so much.
What a great conversation.
For "Into the Vortex,"
I'm Jimmy Church.